Admin

Initial Config
The admin has the ability to upload bulk data in a tabular format. This data represents the data dumps of client's systems.
Each upload either represents the fields for an entity ex 'Document', or the fields for a 'node' ex Station, Account Codes etc
This uploaded data is then visible on the UI, where the admin can edit the data as needed, and also add more fields. 
The admin can also bulk export the data and re - upload with modifications. The exported excel sheet will contain unique ID's enabling the system to update on a re-upload. 
The system creates a hierarchical model based on the provided data. 

Permissions
The admin can create groups and assign users to them.
The admin can define access rules - ex Give 'View' access for all 'documents' belonging to 'LAX'.
Where 'View' is a predefined permission. The other predefined permissions for documents are upload and download. 
Where 'Document' is a predefined artifact on which permission can be given, other artifacts being workflow and lane.
Where 'LAX' is a node, based on the data uploaded in the initial config.
The above access rule is then assigned to the group.

Workflow 

Any user having permissions to create a new workflow can create one.
He starts by defining the flow in either a sequential, parallel or in any combination.
This is done visually on the UI by arranging the groups in that manner. 
The user can then save the workflow.
The workflow is then attached to a combination of - artifact + permission + node + tag [optional]. ex Apply this workflow for all 'document' 'uploads' in 'SFO'. Apply this 'workflow' for all 'document' 'uploads' for 'WD' 'Air'. Where Air is an optional tag.
The system decides the default workflow based on the most specific workflow associated with that node + the document being uploaded.

Document Upload 
Admin can configure the 'fields' that will show up on the upload page. The 'fields' that appear, are from the data that was uploaded in the Initial Config. The admin can go back and add fields over there, if additional ones are needed on the Upload Page.
He can mark fields as required.
He can provide default values for fields.

Document Search 
Admin configures which fields from the initial data should be available for this search.

User 

Document Uploading 
User's having upload access will see an 'Upload Button'.
User can choose the node at which the document will be uploaded, basis which its various values will appear.
Once the user clicks 'Next', he will be shown the workflow sequence that will be started on upload.
The user can either cancel or proceed uploading the document.

Document Search 
User can search based on the few of the pre - configured fields.

Advanced Search 
The user can search on any combination of the fields that were uploaded during Initial Configuration.